I think that probably most everything that I'm doing right now is different
than what I thought I would be doing. I suppose it depends on
what time of my life I'm thinking about. Um, certainly. All the way
up until past grad school, I thought that I was going thio pursue a
career in the pharmaceutical industry and be working, you know, in mostly
in a lab. Either you know, running a lab or something like that.
Um, in terms of my career, as as a professor, um, I think that now,
as opposed to like when I started being a professor, um, I think
that one of the things that's different it may be kind of unexpected
is how how much freedom I'm I have much more trust in my students.
That's that's, I think, a good way to say it. I when I started out,
I was I think I was very hands on and very kind of micro managing and
controlling when it came. Thio my students, particularly those students
in my research lab. Um I think now that I've been doing this for
longer, um, I am I have learned that they need to have a certain
amount of freedom for their wonderful ideas to blossom, and so and and
and kind of, just seeding that control is a part of that process.
Um eso kind of instead of saying, Here's what we're gonna dio saying
we'll hear some parameters here. Here's what we could dio here some
of the possibilities that I thought of. What do you think we should
dio and and letting them come up with ideas? Andi, I think that that's
been a change for me across the course of my of my career is a
professor is kind of stepping back a little bit more and ceding control,
um, to my students.